Alright! I originally planned this video
to address the Create Pet Map Service,
number 30 here. And I actually made a
mistake there in planning this. We
already have the pet service implemented
as a map. So I'm just going to go ahead
and close that, saying Not Required.
It's important when you're working with
issue system like this to make comments
like that. Just don't randomly close up
because if you're on a team, other people
are going to go," Well why'd you close that?"
So just leave a trail of breadcrumbs as
to to why if something got closed.
I'm just going to go ahead and close this.
Let's come back over to the issues.
What we are going to do instead here
is add in the pet types with bootstrap.
By that I mean, on startup so let's
talk about overt IntelliJ. If you
remember here, down in the web project
source main java,
we have our bootstrap, our DataLoader.
These can get a little funky and
this is a tip from experience here.
We're creating the owners and what we're
going to be doing is creating some
objects as we go along. What we want
to do is be able to use those objects as
we progress through this. So obviously, a
PetType is going to be one of those
fundamental objects that we're going to
establish persistence for. I'm going to
do that
early here. There's been situations
where I'll create methods to create
groups of data that I'll just call
methods to make your code a little
bit cleaner. But in this case, we're
going to be using those objects, so the
code for bootstrap classes can get a
little ugly. We'll do a PetType and say
we'll start off with dogs. They're better than
cats.
new PetType dog.setName()
and now what we need to do is we need to
bring in our PetTypeService. I have to
come up here. Do private final
PetTypeService.
You can see that IntelliJ gives me that
little red squiggly line. If I do an
option enter, I can say initialize a
constructor, like so. Op, that's not what
I want to do. My mistake. Let's try that one
more time.
Add constructor parameter. It's what I
actually want to do. So now, we can see
that this is going to say, I'm going to take
in a PetTypeService again that's the
interface, so Spring is going to go ahead
and load that. Through inversion of
control at runtime when this component
starts up, Spring is going to auto wire
in a PetTypeService. So now, what we can
do is say dog. Op, I'm sorry.
PetType
equals PetTypeService
dot save. The reason I'm doing
this, there's probably a couple different
ways that you could do this. But what I
want to be sure of is when I get my
saved dog type. I guess remember the save
process is going to establish that
identity for us. We're gonna go ahead
and get the saved dog type. We can use
that later on when we start
wiring in the data types or the objects
for owners and pets. We're
establishing the pet types here, so I
would save dog type. Let me make that
savedDogPetType. I am going to risk it.
Cut and paste this. We'll say cat
like so.
savedCatPetType. We want you to do cat and
double check this since I'm doing the
evils of cut and paste here. We have
PetType cats, new PetType, we're going
to set the cat name to cat, and savedCatPetType.
That all looks good. Just
as a double check here, because we are
not running integration test yet or any
unit test yet to be honest,
that's going to be coming up, I'm just
kind of waiting until we get to that in
the course. Right now, we're laying down
lot of stuff. I'm going to go ahead and
start up Spring Boot. Make sure that this
runs happily without any exceptions.
Right now, I'm just going to make sure it
doesn't toss an exception. We could have
a hidden error here but I'm going to
let that slide for now. We'll address
that if we have to. Everything started
up normally so I'm going to go ahead and
commit this and double check that that
was number 32. Let's go ahead in here.
Commit the directory.
I'm closing the number 32. By
bootstrap, this can get confusing because
we are using bootstrap CSS. Bootstrap,
I'm talking about this bootstrap
data loader class. So bootstrap as in
starting up a process and not bootstrap
the CSS library. Go ahead and commit
and push that. That has been pushed up to
GitHub and we can see that that is
closed.